---
permalink: /about/
title: "About Me"
---

I was born and raised in Phoenix, Arizona. My family originates from Sonora, Mexico. My journey into technology began with a childhood faciation with video games. This curiosity led to me enrolling in Community College right after Highschool. I graduated from EMCC with my AAS in Web Development and Graphic Design in Spring 2022. After working for a year I recognized that this passion did not leave and I made the pivotal decision of my life to continue my education. In the Summer of 2023, I left my role at Wells Fargo to return to school full-time. Since them I have graduated with my AS in Computer Science and AA in Mathematics. I am currently pursuing my BS in Computer Science at Arizona State University, with an expected graduation in December 2026. 

Beyond my studies, I am the oldest of seven siblings, including three who are adopted. Being the eldest, I strive to lead by example, I want to lead the way for my younger siblings. Watching my mother pursue her Master's in Education showed me the beauty of persistence. She inspires me to follow in her footsteps and become the role mode for my siblings to follow thier education and chase thier dreams. I enjoy tackling complex problems, and programming provides a sense of gratification after overcoming challenging tasks. Outside of the classroom. I enjoy watching movies, playing video games/boardgames, playing sports, and hanging out with friends. These activities are important to me because these activities allow me to constantly challenge myself and grow into a more complete person.
